feat: documenting android proxy and get a token services (#50)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/sdks/mobile/android/types.mdx

| `addFocusEventListener(listener: (FocusEvent) -> Unit)`     | Adds a listener for any [FocusEvents](/docs/sdks/mobile/android/events#focusevent) raised by this element.                                                                   |
| `setText(value: String?)`                                   | Sets the text value for the element. Note that a getter is not exposed on the TextElement to retrieve the underlying text value.                                             |
| `setValueRef(elementValueReference: ElementValueReference)` | Sets the element's text to the value referenced by the provided ElementValueReference.                                                                                       |
| `setValueRef(element: TextElement)`                         | Binds the provided `element: TextElement` instance as a value source for this element, keeping the value of this element in sync with any changes made to the other element. |

<Alert>
  <code>ElementValueReference</code> is a class that stores a reference to a value which can only be accessed by BasisTheoryElements, so that

>   you can reference data without touching the plaintext value and getting into compliance scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  you can reference data without touching the plaintext value and pulling your application into compliance scope.
```

</Alert>

<Alert>
  When using <code>setValueRef</code> to keep a <code>TextElement</code> in sync with another element, or to set the text of an element, it is strongly recommended that

>   you make the element acted upon readonly by also setting <code>isEditable=false</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  you make the element that is being acted upon a "readonly" element. This is possible by setting <code>isEditable=false</code>.
```
